README.md, before:

# Leetcode

### Personal solutions of leetcode problems

| ID   |       Title                                                |  Language  | Difficulty |
|----: |:-----------------:                                         |:----------:|:----------:|
|  1   |     Two Sum                                                | Javascript |    Easy    |
|  9   | Is Palindrome                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 49   | Group Anagrams                                             | Javascript |   Medium   |
| 58   | Length of Last Word                                        | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 69   | Sqrt(x)                                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 217  | Contains Duplicate                                         | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 242  | Valid Anagram                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 557  | Reverse Words in a String III                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 709  | To Lower Case                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1108 | Defanging an IP Address                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1281 | Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1342 | Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero                 | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1365 | How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1431 | Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies                   | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1480 | Running Sum of 1d Array                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1512 | Number of Good Pairs                                       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1662 | Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent                  | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1672 | Richest Customer Wealth                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1773 | Count Items Matching a Rule                                | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1816 | Truncate Sentence                                          | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1832 | Check if the Sentence Is Pangram                           | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1859 | Sorting the Sentence                                       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2011 | Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations        | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2114 | Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences                 | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2235 | Add Two Integers                                           | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2413 | Smallest Even Multiple                                     | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2418 | Sort the People                                            | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2469 | Convert the Temperature                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2535 | Difference Between Element Sum and Digit Sum of an Array   | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2652 | Sum Multiples                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |

Commit message:

Problem:2520 Count the Digits That Divide a Number

README.md, after:

# Leetcode

### Personal solutions of leetcode problems

| ID   |       Title                                                |  Language  | Difficulty |
|----: |:-----------------:                                         |:----------:|:----------:|
|  1   |     Two Sum                                                | Javascript |    Easy    |
|  9   | Is Palindrome                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 49   | Group Anagrams                                             | Javascript |   Medium   |
| 58   | Length of Last Word                                        | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 69   | Sqrt(x)                                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 217  | Contains Duplicate                                         | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 242  | Valid Anagram                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 557  | Reverse Words in a String III                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 709  | To Lower Case                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1108 | Defanging an IP Address                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1281 | Subtract the Product and Sum of Digits of an Integer       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1342 | Number of Steps to Reduce a Number to Zero                 | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1365 | How Many Numbers Are Smaller Than the Current Number       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1431 | Kids With the Greatest Number of Candies                   | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1480 | Running Sum of 1d Array                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1512 | Number of Good Pairs                                       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1662 | Check If Two String Arrays are Equivalent                  | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1672 | Richest Customer Wealth                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1773 | Count Items Matching a Rule                                | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1816 | Truncate Sentence                                          | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1832 | Check if the Sentence Is Pangram                           | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 1859 | Sorting the Sentence                                       | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2011 | Final Value of Variable After Performing Operations        | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2114 | Maximum Number of Words Found in Sentences                 | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2235 | Add Two Integers                                           | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2413 | Smallest Even Multiple                                     | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2418 | Sort the People                                            | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2469 | Convert the Temperature                                    | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2520 | Count the Digits That Divide a Number                      | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2535 | Difference Between Element Sum and Digit Sum of an Array   | Javascript |    Easy    |
| 2652 | Sum Multiples                                              | Javascript |    Easy    |
